So in this section we took the application from the last course section and enhanced it.
We added authentication to allow the user to create an account and then sign in.
And then with that account we allow the user to store recipes on the server.
And of course all fetched him from there.
So now you should be able to confidently implement such features in your next app.
You saw me use firebase in this section here.
And of course you might not use firebase in which case the authentication workflow will differ a bit
but you saw how to use HTP and that of course would also allow you to reach out to your authentication
restful service where you'd send user data and back get back a token which you then manually store and
fetch.
So that is really very similar to what you learn here.
And with that you should have a solid understanding on how it generally works how you can navigate the
user to the right part of your app depending on whether he's authenticated or not and how to implement
such features in your next project.